here we got a sampling of a some sound
damping material from we got ballistic
Dynamat extreme Dynamat ultralight
here's some roadkill roadkill stealth GT
Matt this is uh Scotia's a Q Matt hush
Matt ultra second skinned amplifier bro
hush man likes to have a little video
that shows their material sticking to
metal after it's been sprayed with wd-40
considering all these materials are
basically the same there's just some
combinations that are different between
if you want more vision or at initial
adhesion or better bonding over time or
the actual weight of the material or the
metal some companies like this GT matte
it's very light that's because they
don't want to use as much butyl because
butyl is expensive its petroleum-based
so they whip it with air and they make
it lighter so it looks like it's thick
and there's a lot of material but there
isn't so that's how they get the cost to
make it cheap it really boils down to is
how thick the aluminum is and how heavy
the butyl is and then how low it bonds
those are the three things you want it
heavier and you want it to bond so we're
going to go and do this wd-40 test real
quick just to show that their material
will act the same way if you put it on
wd-40 so 40 on there here's the hush
matte
not sticking very well that one now for
now we'll go to all these others this is
a ACMA
roadkill stealth
regular roadkill extreme or I should say
expert
this is dampe fire pro
we do this the same for all of them just
so we're not playing any favorites here
this is ballistic see Dynamat
and I'm at hopefully
Oh can't forget our favorite GT mat
right in the middle
we're going to give those guys like 20
minutes because that's how they did it
in the hush mat video and we'll see what
happens
all right we've let these sit for 24
hours just
be fair everyone and 3040 still hang out
on that there's dining that didn't work
out so good
by
it's the ballistic material
the amplifier so stick TT Matt they have
a chance skosh a queue Matt roadkill
stealth regular roadkill extreme or
expert I should say nothing and we left
the best for last fresh Matt let's see
if uh Schmidt stuff that would be
resounding no because you can't stick
this material on wd-40
you